
                                                                                                      Introduction
This report outlines the development process challenges faced and the key learnings in implementing the product and movie classes as paret of our activity in OOP. The objective of our task is to define  a class 
that has name Movie and product with a proper using of methods while applying the principles that has on module which is the encapsulation and objectc manipulation.

                                                                                                       Steps:
1. The very first step that we did is we analyze the instruction and the floowing the instruction:
.Define Products and movie classes
.implement setter method
.implement getter method
.create object.
2. The second step we  did we choose a product and movie classes by choosing five essenstial properties for each.
3.The third step we implement the method.
4.then the fourth we set object and we excute
5. Lastly we debug it.

                                                                                                  Challenges and solution:

The big clallenges that we face is that we have a lack of time, burtt we resolved it by using our own mobile phone to craete the codes.Contribution.

                                                                                                          Contributions:

 Carl and I both help each other to finish the codes we have both contribution because we spilt the activity to finish it.

                                                                                                         Resource used:
The first module on our class here in OOP.

                                                                                                            Conclusion
This activivty enhance our understanding in module that sir gave to us. This performance task was a great opppurtunity to apply the oop concepts in practical coding scenarios and preaparing us for more complex projects in the future.
